Right?
And so again,
kind of as the concluding
thoughts around a lot of this.
There's a bunch of really basic primitives
that open up a lot of possibility, but
I think the most interesting
parts come not from, okay,
what can I just do with an Arduino board,
right?
What can I, obviously we've used
the web browser before, right?
But okay, cool.
Can I take the web audio API and make
a keyboard with a bunch of buttons and
make a musical instrument
out of an Arduino board?
As it sends the web sockets and
then triggers notes on the web audio API,
right?
And make a whole bunch.
Can I turn my browser into a hardware
synthesizer with an Arduino plugged in?
And theoretically, Johnny-5 is great,
and you should probably use that.
Theoretically, you could take
the node out of the equation,
just do it through here as the serial
bytes were coming through and
you could parse it and make an instrument.
Could you take, as we saw before,
the get user media API and
stream your face to have it
do all sorts of stuff, right?
Whatever it is, right,
control different things.
The interesting part I think is taking
all the interesting browser APIs or
Webhooks as we saw towards the very end.
Any of those things and try to mix and
match all these technologies
do creative things.
One of the examples in there
is p5.js which is processing,
could you literally have art that
changes based on a temperature sensor?
What are all the interesting
parts between, again, and
there's a lot of other sensors.
I think I showed you before.
There's stuff like a soil sensor.
Could you use the push notification API or
hook it up to Twilio or
something like that to text you
when your plant is thirsty, right?
I think there's a bunch of really kind of
interesting pieces that are maybe not so
easy to do or
approachable with just an Arduino, right?
Obviously, all of the node in JavaScript
you have is trapped inside of this like
Internet box that you have, right?
And so a way to get a lot of
these outside world things and
be able to build really cool stuff and
be able to integrate those.
I think that's where the fun part is.
And my hope is that a week from now,
you'll be walking down the street, and
you will come up with some cool idea.
And all the primitives are here,
and it's incredibly approachable.
So yeah, questions?
Yeah.
>> In terms of accessing
user devices on the browser,
what kind of security issues
should we be concerned about?
>> Yeah, I mean, so you get a bunch
in there from Chrome to begin with.
So for instance, for
the Web Audio API, for the serial API,
it will now let you just like, okay, cool
and that script j.s or whatever, right?
There are a lot of times they have to take
some interaction with the page, right?
To make the connection,
otherwise Chrome won't let you.
And it's one of those things,
that's a moving target because a few
years ago that wasn't true, right?
If you control the page,
it's obviously a lot easier.
Dustin.
>> Yeah, and just to follow up,
Maximiliano Firtman has a course
"Tour Web Capabilities" that covers the
serial API and a bunch of other of these.
>> Awesome.
>> Edge case APIs and the security around
them, how you have to get permission and
those kinds of things.
>> Yep, the nice part is in this case,
you are both sides of the user, right?
These are mostly for
your kind of interesting projects.
So it's you can choose,
you have a little more flexibility cuz
it's you versus you versus a lot of these.
I don't know that I would build full
production things on top of any of these
things, especially Chromium
only kind of things, right?
But for your own interesting projects,
whether they be around the house or
art projects, I think you get
a little bit more latitude and
flexibility in those cases as well.
Yeah.
Awesome, thank you so much.
>> [APPLAUSE]